RD-4051: Running project with one command (#1805)
cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-stage: README.md

## Setup

To setup development environment and start the application follow the steps below.

---

### Automated way

#### Run the project with public released latest docker image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with development docker image
```

#### Run the project with development docker latest image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make install-dev # download latest docker dev image
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with public docker image
```

#### Commands description

Run `make install` to do prerequired manual steps for you (described below).

Run `make install-dev` to download latest dev docker image.

Run `make -j2 up-public` to fire the backend and frontend and the latest public available docker image and postgres database.

Run `make -j2 up-dev` to fire the backend and frontend and development latest downloaded docker image and postgres database.

Run `make down` to stop the docker containers.

The commands are described further inside of the `Makefile`.

---

### Manual way

1. **Cloudify Manager installation**

>     There are many way to install Cloudify Manager. You can install the docker image of Cloudify Manager using the way described here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are many ways to install Cloudify Manager. You can install the docker image of Cloudify Manager using the way described here:
```

- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) (version >= 9.5.x) installed and configured
- [Cloudify Manager](https://cloudify.co/download) (version >= 6.x) accessible from your local machine
## Setup

To setup development environment and start the application follow the steps below.

---

### Automated way

#### Run the project with public released latest docker image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with development docker image
```

#### Run the project with development docker latest image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make install-dev # download latest docker dev image
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with public docker image
```

#### Commands description

Run `make install` to do prerequired manual steps for you (described below).

Run `make install-dev` to download latest dev docker image.

Run `make -j2 up-public` to fire the backend and frontend and the latest public available docker image and postgres database.

Run `make -j2 up-dev` to fire the backend and frontend and development latest downloaded docker image and postgres database.

Run `make down` to stop the docker containers.

> The commands are farther self-described inside of the `Makefile`.

Reviewer: I suspect you wanted:
```suggestion
The commands are described further inside of the `Makefile`.
```

---

### Manual way

1. **Configuring postgres database locally**

  - Make a database named `stage` 
  - Make a user named `cloudify` with `cloudify` as password
  - You can do this easily by:
    - running pre-configured container with docker-composer: `docker-compose -d up postgres-cfy`
    - or more manually with docker:
      ```bash
      docker pull postgres
      docker run --name postgres-cfy -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=cloudify -e POSTGRES_USER=cloudify -e POSTGRES_DB=stage -p 5432:5432 -d postgres
      ```

> 1. **Install Cloudify-Manager locally**

Reviewer: Also - I see that p. 1 is duplicated and indents are not correct:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5202105/157449851-11edf060-9e47-4b80-b7d4-e35dc9d7d37e.png)

Author: After last changes It looks as correct on github.

    You can install the docker image using the way [described here](https://docs.cloudify.co/latest/trial_getting_started/set_trial_manager/download_community/#step-1-install-the-cloudify-manager-as-a-docker-container).
    - **Available docker images:**
      
      Production docker images available on docker hub:
      
      - Premium: `cloudifyplatform/premium-cloudify-manager-aio`
      - Community: `cloudifyplatform/community-cloudify-manager-aio`
      
      Premium dev docker images:
      
      - https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-premium/blob/master/packages-urls/docker-image-release.yaml (access restricted)
      
      Community edition dev docker images:
        

>       - https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-versions/blob/master/packages-urls/docker-image-release.yaml

Reviewer: I don't think we need this kind of description here. 

1. Installing locally docker image is only one of few available methods. 
2. It's not stage related. It's about Cloudify Manager in general.
3. Docker command from [here](https://docs.cloudify.co/latest/trial_getting_started/set_trial_manager/download_community/#step-1-install-the-cloudify-manager-as-a-docker-container) seems not up to date (see port mappings)
4. Links to `cloudify-premium` or `cloudify-versions` are already in `scripts/loadLatestPremiumDockerImage.sh`.

I suggest to remove this section. It's stated in **Requirements** that it is necessary to have Cloudify Manager installed. You added nice automated way, so I don't think we should add anything like that in manual way.

Optionally you can add this link: [Cloudify Manager setup page](https://docs.cloudify.co/staging/dev/trial_getting_started/set_trial_manager/) in 
L15.

Author: I think differently.
Is that a blocker for having this PR approved?

If yes I prefer to explain my reasoning behind the decision I madet face-to-face. Would you find a 5-10 minutes tomorrow or day after tomorrow at 9am?

Reviewer: For me it's a blocker. If that's the way you prefer, let's talk tomorrow at 9AM.

To setup development environment and start the application follow the steps below.

---

> ### Automated way

Reviewer: The description in this section is not clear for me. I think the steps should be enumerated (and divided into production and development) and additional/optional parts should be clearly marked.

> `make install` - It would do manual prerequired steps described above for you.

Reviewer: Described above? 🙂

Author: Changed. Thanks.

> `make install-dev` - It will do everything what command above and download latest dev docker image.

Reviewer: In this step you wrote "It will" and in others "It would". I suggest not to use "It will/would", but use the same convention as in the original section (right now named "Manual way") to describe steps.

For example:
"Run `make install-dev` to ..."

Author: Changed. Thanks!

`make -j2 up` - It would ran the backend and frontend in one console with public available recent docker image.

`make -j2 up-dev` - It would ran the backend and frontend in one console and dev recent downloaded docker image.

`make down` - it would stop the docker containers.

> `./scripts/scripts/loadLatestPremiumDockerImage.sh` - it would download and load into docker latest `cloudify-manager-aio` docker image.

Reviewer: 1. `./scripts/loadLatestPremiumDockerImage.sh`
2. "the latest"

Author: Changed.

---

> ### Manual way (useful in the case of errors or problems with automated way)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual way
```

I think that we don't need "useful in the case of errors or problems with automated way". If you think it's valuable to have it here, then let's add it inside the section and not in the section title.

Author: Ok. Changed.

Author: Sorry, I don't know how it happened. I changed it right now.

> 

Author: Moved.

To setup development environment and start the application follow the steps below.

---
### Automated way

#### Run the project with public released latest docker image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with development docker image
```

#### Run the project with development docker laterst image
```bash
$ make install # configure project
$ make install-dev # download latest docker dev image
$ make -j2 up-public # run the project with public docker image
```

#### Commands description

`make install` - It would do prerequired manual steps for you (described below).

`make install-dev` - It would download latest dev docker image.

`make -j2 up-public` - It would ran the backend and frontend and latest public available docker image and postgres database.

`make -j2 up-dev` - It would ran the backend and frontend and development latest downloaded docker image and postgres database.

`make down` - It would stop the docker containers.

> The commands are farther self-described inside of `Makefile`.

Author: Regarding documentation in many places. I make some changes. If you think that the PR can't be approved because of hard to maintain documentation, let's have a call on Monday at 9:00 am and I will explain my reasoning behind the decisions I made. Otherwise, let me know that it's OK enough and it's not a blocker for getting your approve.

---

> Also, I can't see that https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-stage/pull/1805#discussion_r819320235 was addressed.

Improved according our discussion today.

> The commands are farther self-described inside of `Makefile`.

Author: @qooban I make changes discussed today. Let me know if there is anything what needs to be discuss or changed before the PR will be good enough to be a part of our master branch.

- for changes in [app](./app) and [widgets](./widgets) directory you need to reload page to see your updates,
- for changes in [backend](./backend) directory you don't need to reload page as backend server will automatically be restarted.

### License

> First time you run Cloudify-Manager you would be asked about the license.
>   You can fine [the license here](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-build-system/blob/master/pipelines-k8s/system-ui-tests/license/cfy-license.yaml). The access to the license is restricted.

Reviewer: Let's fix typos and add some context here:

```suggestion
First time you run Cloudify Manager you would be asked about the license (see [Activating Cloudify Manager and License Management](https://docs.cloudify.co/staging/dev/install_maintain/installation/manager-license/) for more details).
  You can find [the license here](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-build-system/blob/master/pipelines-k8s/system-ui-tests/license/cfy-license.yaml). The access to the license is restricted.
```
